Let's take a look at the source code for the Final Project Student Version code.
What we have here on the left-hand side is
an overview of all the files which are in the project.
We have the chatgui which has.h and.cpp.
We have the chatbot.h and.cpp.
You can also find the graph edge is here, the graphnodes,
and the chatlogic and all the naming of the classes corresponds
to the structure which you saw in
the slide deck which you have hopefully looked at previously.
Let's start with a chatgui itself.
This is the.h file and it has all the classes inside here.
We have the chatbot panel dialogue,
which basically holds the elements which we
need for displaying the dialogue between user and chatbot.
This is why we also have a pointer to the chat logic itself here.
Please note those comments here.
There's an enclosing Student Code tag around each place in
the code where you have to add something in the course
of you fulfilling the tasks which we have.
We don't say which task,
but mostly it's mentioned roughly in the description of the tasks at least which
file to look into but we want you to figure out which change has to be implemented where,
because also when you have to adjust
the pointer type moving away from raw pointers towards smart pointers.
If we told you enter a smart pointer in line 19 and file
so and so and in line 22 and file so and so, it would be too easy.
You really have to figure this out by yourself.
If you should change this pointer here to a smart pointer,
unique pointer, you obviously have to do it in the header
here but you also have to do it somewhere else and all these places.
These are places which you have to find by yourselves,
but all the changes you have to make have to be
performed somewhere in-between these enclosing taglines here,
Student Code and End of Student Code.
At least this limits the scope of your search somewhat.
Apart from chatLogic, we also have
a constructor destructor which has
some window elements here we have getter and setter functions.
We have some events which to which we want to react.
This is basically stuff for drawing
the background image of the San Francisco Golden Gate Bridge.
We also have some proprietary functions,
which in this case are the possibility to add a new dialogue item and
also to print the chatbot response here.
Further down, we have the chatbot panel dialogue item which
is one item which could either be from the user or from the chatbot.
This one has an image in case the chatbot is answering the image is
ride along by the chatbot depending on its position in the current graph node network.
The handler which points to the image which
has been allocated on the heap has to be retrieved
from the chatbot and to be displayed here
in this chatbot panel dialogue item instance in that case.
If it's an answer which we got from the user,
the user image has to be loaded from someplace else.
We will look at this position in the code in just a few minutes.
Apart from that, you have the chatbot frame which is
the surrounding frame the entire window you are looking at.
This one has the dialog inside it,
the checkbook panel dialogue,
and also the text control where the user can input inputs and some texts.
Also, we have overloaded an event here and wx widgets event.
OnEnter means as soon as you finish typing your query to the chatbot and press enter,
this press to the enter key is captured by the OnEvent.
This is where we send the message to the chatbot.
Apart from that, you have an image panel which
displays a nice image but it's not very important here.
At the bottom, we have the chatbot app which basically encapsulates
the main method and what happens when the wx widgets program is started,
we have the OnInit event where we start everything else.
This is basically the starting point of the entire program which
encapsulates the infinite loop which runs
in the background which hides the main method from us.